feat: TiledAtlas.clearCache function (#2592)
flame-engine/flame: doc/bridge_packages/flame_tiled/flame_tiled.md

);
```

### Clearing images cache

If you have called `Flame.images.clearCache()` you also need to call `TiledAtlas.clearCache()` to

> remove disposed images from tiled cache. It might be useful if you next game map have completely

Reviewer: ```suggestion
remove disposed images from the tiled cache. It might be useful if your next game map have completely
```

> different tiles than previous.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
different tiles than the previous.
```
